c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\cymbolTing.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\kick.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\music.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\rocketEngine.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\snare.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\top.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\DrumPad.exe
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\DrumPad.pdb
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\obj\x86\Debug\DrumPad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\obj\x86\Debug\DrumPad.exe
c:\users\huzaifa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DrumPad\DrumPad\DrumPad\obj\x86\Debug\DrumPad.pdb
